DOCSP-42312 Create a MongoDB Client (#59)
mongodb/docs-scala: source/connect/mongoclient.txt

.. _scala-mongoclient:

====================
Create a MongoClient
====================

.. facet::
   :name: genre
   :values: reference

.. meta::
   :keywords: connection string, URI, server, Atlas, settings, client

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

Overview
--------

To connect to a MongoDB deployment, you need two things:

- A **connection URI**, also known as a *connection string*, which tells the {+driver-short+}
  which MongoDB deployment to connect to.
- A **MongoClient** object, which creates the connection to and performs 

>   operations on the MongoDB deployment.

Author: Perhaps the confusion was in the "performs operations" part since I want to say the user is performing the operations and not the object. Reworded, let me know what you think!

       connection string includes ``username:password@``
       authentication credentials but not the ``authSource`` option. If you don't include 
       this component, the client authenticates the user against the ``admin`` database.

   * - ``?<options>``

     - Optional. A query string that specifies connection-specific
       options as ``<name>=<value>`` pairs. See
       :ref:`scala-connection-options` for a full description of
       these options.

For more information about creating a connection string, see
:manual:`Connection Strings </reference/connection-string>` in the
MongoDB Server documentation.

Atlas Connection Example
------------------------

To connect to a MongoDB deployment on Atlas, you must first create a client. 

You can pass a connection URI as a string to the ``MongoClient.create()`` method 
to connect to a MongoDB instance:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/connect/ClientBasic.scala
   :start-after: start-create-a-client
   :end-before: end-create-a-client
   :language: scala
   :copyable:
   :dedent:

You can also create a client with your desired configurations by passing a 
``MongoClientSettings`` object to a ``MongoClient`` object.

> To instantiate a ``MongoClientSettings`` object, use the builder method to 
> specify your connection string, using the ``applyConnectionString()`` method, 
> and any other client options. Once you have your desired configuration, 

Reviewer: The way this is worded, it seems like you pass the connection string into `builder()`, but in the code sample it's passed into `applyConnectionString()`. I think this rephrasing will be a little more clear?
```suggestion
To instantiate a ``MongoClientSettings`` object, call the ``builder()`` method, then
chain the ``applyConnectionString()`` method and pass in your connection string. You can
also use the ``builder()`` method to specify any other client options. Once you have your desired configuration, 
```
